Add initial msteams hosted enroll docs (#48756)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/access-controls/access-request-plugins/ssh-approval-msteams.mdx

![The Microsoft Teams Access Request plugin](../../../../img/enterprise/plugins/msteams.png)

<Details title="This integration is hosted on Teleport Cloud" open={false}>

> (!docs/pages/includes/plugins/enroll.mdx name="the Mattermost integration"!)

Reviewer: Mattermost??

![Create Microsoft Teams Bot](../../../../img/enterprise/plugins/msteams/enroll-bot.png)

> Once enrolled you can download the required `app.zip` file from the integrations status page.

Author: Sorry only noticed the suggested edit part of that comment. Have added in an example image of the download page

> Once enrolled you can download the require 'app.zip' file from the integrations status page.

Reviewer 2: Download how? Should we insert a screenshot demonstrating it?
```suggestion
Once enrolled you can download the required `app.zip` file from the integrations status page.
```

![The Microsoft Teams Access Request plugin](../../../../img/enterprise/plugins/msteams.png)

<Details title="This integration is hosted on Teleport Enterprise (Cloud)" open={false}>

> (!docs/pages/includes/plugins/enroll.mdx name="the MsTeams integration"!)

Reviewer: Is `MsTeams` actually the publicly recognized name of the product, or should we say `Microsoft Teams` here?

![Create Microsoft Teams Bot](../../../../img/enterprise/plugins/msteams/enroll-bot.png)

Once enrolled you can download the required `app.zip` file from the integrations status page.

> ![Download app.zip](../../../../img/enterprise/plugins/msteams/app-zip.png)

Author: Fixed the commit to include it.
